[FEATURE] Automatic interlinks to Core manuals (#235)
TYPO3-Documentation/render-guides: Documentation/Developer/InterlinkInventories.rst

..  include:: /Includes.rst.txt

..  _InterlinkRepositories:

=====================
Interlink Inventories
=====================

> Sections in other manuals then the current can be linked during rendering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sections in other manuals than the current one can be linked during rendering
```

        <extension
            class="\T3Docs\Typo3DocsTheme\DependencyInjection\Typo3DocsThemeExtension"
            typo3-core-preferred="stable"
        />
        <!-- explicitly link to version 8.7 of TYPO3 Explained -->
        <inventory id="t3coreapi_v8" url="https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/8.7/en-us/"/>
        <!-- ext_sys_note and ext_sys_note_stable should always link to main-->
        <inventory id="ext_sys_note" url="https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/main/en-us/"/>
        <inventory id="ext_sys_note_stable" url="https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/main/en-us/"/>
    </guides>

The following links:

..  code-block:: rst

    *   :ref:`TYPO3 Explained, always version 8.7 <t3coreapi_v8:start>`
    *   :ref:`Sys note always goes to main <ext_sys_note:start>`
    *   :ref:`Sys note always goes to main <ext_sys_note_stable:start>`

*   :ref:`TYPO3 Explained, always version 8.7 <t3coreapi_v8:start>`
*   :ref:`Sys note always goes to main <ext_sys_note:start>`
*   :ref:`Sys note always goes to main <ext_sys_note_stable:start>`

Adding a new TYPO3 version or manual
====================================

> When a new TYPO3 Version is released or the long time support changes you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a new TYPO3 version is released or the long-time support changes you
```

I would avoid the "you", maybe ... "the long-time support changes the according TYPo3 versions can be adjusted directly in the theme in the enum" or something. This makes it clear it is nothing for the average user (although, this is about the render-guides, but to make it clear).

TYPO3 versions can be made directly in the theme within the enum

> :php:`\T3Docs\Typo3DocsTheme\Inventory\Typo3VersionMapping`.

Reviewer: The backslashes must be escaped now, which is be a breaking change to the Sphinx-based rendering. Currently it look like:

![Bildschirmfoto vom 2023-12-26 15-02-41](https://github.com/TYPO3-Documentation/render-guides/assets/2566282/e53e9dcb-a5be-4943-8891-a92df62537d9)

Is this known? I assume, this is a bug?

Author: I will make an issue and fix it in the renderer. I didnt notice yet. We don't have to change it here as the renderer fix will fix that
